{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
\f0\fs24
Sales Commission Policy 2025\par
Taiwan Tech Group Co., Ltd. - Sales Operations\par
Document: HR-COMP-SALES-2025 | Effective: 2025-01-01 | Version: 3.2\par
\par
1. Policy Scope\par
This policy applies to all quota-carrying sales roles: Account Executive (AE),\par
Senior Account Executive (SAE), Enterprise Account Executive (EAE),\par
and Channel Sales Manager (CSM). Inside Sales and SDR roles are governed by\par
a separate variable compensation plan (HR-COMP-SDR-2025).\par
\par
2. Compensation Structure\par
On-Target Earnings (OTE) = Base Salary + Target Variable (Commission)\par
Target Variable is 40% of OTE for AE/SAE and 45% of OTE for EAE.\par
Commission is earned upon customer invoice payment (cash basis).\par
\par
3. Quota and Accelerators\par
Annual Quota is set by Sales Operations in January each year.\par
Commission Rate by Attainment:\par
0% - 50% of quota: 0.5x multiplier (50% of standard rate)\par
51% - 80% of quota: 0.8x multiplier\par
81% - 100% of quota: 1.0x multiplier (standard rate)\par
101% - 120% of quota: 1.5x accelerator\par
121% - 150% of quota: 2.0x accelerator\par
Above 150% of quota: 2.5x accelerator (President's Club qualifier)\par
\par
4. Product Mix Incentives\par
Strategic Product Uplift: +10% commission rate on TechOS AI Edition licenses\par
Multi-year Contract Bonus: +5% for 2-year, +10% for 3-year contract commitments\par
New Logo Bonus: NT$15,000 flat bonus per net-new enterprise logo (>NT$500K ARR)\par
\par
5. Clawback Provisions\par
Commission is subject to 6-month clawback if a customer cancels or requests a refund\par
within 180 days of contract start. Partial clawback applies proportionally.\par
Clawback amounts are deducted from future commission payments.\par
\par
6. Payment Schedule\par
Monthly commissions are calculated on the 5th business day of the following month\par
and paid with the monthly salary on the 15th.\par
Q4 accelerator true-up is calculated in January and paid by January 31.\par
\par
7. Territory and Account Ownership Disputes\par
Disputes must be submitted to Sales Operations within 15 days of the order date.\par
Sales Ops will rule within 10 business days. VP of Sales decision is final.\par
\par
8. Policy Administration\par
Owned by: VP of Sales Operations \u8212? Wang Jia-Ming\par
Approved by: Chief Revenue Officer \u8212? Liu Shu-Fen\par
Next review date: 2025-12-01
}