{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
\f0\fs24
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT\par
Taiwan Tech Group Co., Ltd.\par
Document ID: LEGAL-NDA-VENDOR-2025\par
\par
This Non-Disclosure Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into as of the Effective Date\par
between Taiwan Tech Group Co., Ltd. ("Disclosing Party") and the Vendor ("Receiving Party").\par
\par
1. Definition of Confidential Information\par
"Confidential Information" means any information disclosed by the Disclosing Party that is\par
designated as confidential or that reasonably should be understood to be confidential,\par
including but not limited to: technical specifications, source code, financial data,\par
customer lists, business strategies, and product roadmaps.\par
\par
2. Obligations of Receiving Party\par
The Receiving Party agrees to:\par
(a) Hold the Confidential Information in strict confidence.\par
(b) Not disclose Confidential Information to any third party without prior written consent.\par
(c) Use Confidential Information solely for the purpose of evaluating or performing\par
    services under the relevant commercial agreement.\par
(d) Limit access to employees with a need to know, bound by equivalent confidentiality obligations.\par
\par
3. Exclusions\par
Confidential Information does not include information that:\par
(a) Is or becomes publicly available without breach of this Agreement.\par
(b) Was rightfully known to the Receiving Party prior to disclosure.\par
(c) Is independently developed without use of Confidential Information.\par
(d) Is required to be disclosed by applicable law or court order.\par
\par
4. Term\par
This Agreement shall remain in effect for three (3) years from the Effective Date.\par
Obligations regarding trade secrets shall survive indefinitely.\par
\par
5. Return or Destruction\par
Upon written request, the Receiving Party shall promptly return or destroy all\par
Confidential Information and certify such destruction in writing.\par
\par
6. Governing Law\par
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of China (Taiwan).\par
Disputes shall be resolved by the Taiwan Taipei District Court.\par
\par
Disclosing Party: Taiwan Tech Group Co., Ltd.\par
Authorized Signatory: ______________________  Title: ______________________\par
Date: ________________\par
\par
Receiving Party (Vendor): ______________________\par
Authorized Signatory: ______________________  Title: ______________________\par
Date: ________________
}